== README

User stories:
I want to click on a link which displays all my entries.
I want to click on an entry to show it by itself.
I want to click on something to let me create a new entry.
I want to click on an entry to edit it.
I want to be able to delete an entry.


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

Your app should have the following RESTful actions:

index (displays all entries)
show (displays a specific entry)
new (displays a form to create a new entry)
create (saves a new entry it to the database)
edit (displays a form for editing a particular entry)
update (takes input from the edit form and updates the entry in the db appropriately)
destroy (deletes a specific entry from the database)
Instructions

Write 5 user stories for your app.
Keep it simple and think about what functionality your MVP needs.
Build ERD
Write the app. (If you need more instructions, reference tunr or lesson plans on rails )
Bonus

Add a column for caption to your Entry, which is a text description of the shot. You'll need to generate a database migration for this and then update the rest of your app to be able to display these captions.
Instead of using a string for a date, try using a ruby DateTime Object
Add a second "Comments" model to your app so that users may leave comments on each of your Entries.
Give your Comments model full CRUD capability.
Super bonus

Create the ability to make a new entry using a random GIF from the Giphy API
